Take action to learn and to know something.  

The determination of innateness is foundational to understanding the nature of knowledge.  If you subscribe to John Locke's notion that there are no innate ideas, then you would agree with his argument that innateness of ideas is unlikely, and perhaps impossible for many reasons.  The general argument goes like this: innateness is the same as saying that an idea is imprinted in the mind at the beginning of life, supposedly by nature, yet people must use reason to come to know the "innate" idea.  Locke argues that the innate idea may be readily accepted once it is "discovered", however this acceptance does not prove its innateness.  In fact, it disproves its innateness because something imprinted by nature should not need the use of reason to discover it.  

Take for example the statement, "green is not red".  Upon reading you would undoubtedly agree, but a child may not because they are unaware of the ideas of green and red.  Even once they are aware of the distinction, it does not mean that the statement or its component parts were innate and that the child only needed knowledge of language and names of colors.  Even without language a young child may know the distinction and thus agree with the statement, in theory.  But it cannot be inferred to be innated due to the fact that reason, albeit simple reasoning, was required to understand the statement.  To say that this scenario proves innateness would be like saying something can be and not be at the same time.  In other words, it cannot be imprinted in our mind and not known to our mind at the same time.  

People have come to accept certain moral principles as universal truths and these principles often go unchallenged.  But how can we claim to be rational beings if we passively accept these truths and avoid the process of coming to an understanding?
