There is a clear distinction between discourse of politics and that of political issues.  Politics, as we know it today, is theater.  A discussion about politics involves defending your favorite character as a hero and attacking their adversary as a villain.  It's always black and white; us against them, no matter the topic.  Further complicating matters, a sense of identity is established when discussing politics in this way since political figures serve as a stand-in for ourselves.  The goals of this type of conversation is usually to vent anger and make another person feel dumb or at least wrong.  

If you are genuinely inquisitive about the experiences of others and desire knowledge of truth, then political discourse is not for you.  Instead, you may be better served by a discussion and debate of bigger ideas such as fairness and justice and how they intertwine with events happening today.  There is an often misattributed quote that states "Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people."  Notwishstanding the apparent irony in judging those with small minds, this quote gets to the heart of the complexity of our topic.  No individual is ossified as one type of mind destined to remain forever unchanged because people learn and grow, or at least maintain the potential to do so.  The quote alludes to the different levels of thinking within each person and formulates a hierarchy based on the attention an individual gives to gossip about others, events, or ideas. 

If this is to be believed, then much of the content we consume from television, podcasts, and news sites caters to the lowest rung of our consciousness. 
